Docs fix repo paths in contributing 361 (#362)
krishdevdb/reseter.css: README.md

  </noscript>
  ```

## ❤️ Thanks to our supporters

### ⭐ Stargazers

> [![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/krshoss/gardevoir?style=for-the-badge&color=gold)](https://github.com/krshoss/gardevoir/stargazers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kkrishguptaa/reseter.css?style=for-the-badge&color=gold)](https://github.com/kkrishguptaa/reseter.css/stargazers)
```
